Oracle information (#262)
entropyxyz/entropy-docs: content/concepts/programs.md

Programs can require users to include auxiliary data, separate from the message, in their signature request.

> ### Oracle Data
> 
> Oracle data in this regard is information that can be grabbed by the chain and passed through to the program. This information comes from the pallet ```Oracle``` and storage slot ```OracleData```. ```OracleData``` takes in a key which can denoate any oracle data you want. Oracle data needs to come from the chain first as all programs need to be deterministic. 
> 
> Current headings 
> 
> block_number_entropy -> Stores the current block number of entropy
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Oracle Data

Oracle data is information that can be grabbed by the chain and passed through to the program. This information comes from the pallet `Oracle` and storage slot `OracleData`. `OracleData` takes in a key which can denote any oracle data you want. Oracle data needs to come from the chain first as all programs need to be deterministic. 

Current headings 

block_number_entropy -> Stores the current block number of entropy

```

Reviewer: > takes in a key which can denote any oracle data you want.

Can you give an example of what this data looks like when supplying it to `OracleData`?

Reviewer: > Oracle data needs to come from the chain

The Entropy chain? Or any blockchain?

Author: The entropy chain, information can flow from other chains (most likely through IBC.....but you know eventually)
